README.md, before:

# Cadence of Hyrule Bingo

Cadence of Hyrule Bingo Generator

See the Bingo Generator in action [here](https://kailaria.github.io/cadenceBingoV2/?)!

## Installation

This repository uses the following modules:

* Vue (v3.0.7)
* Bootstrap (v5.0.0-beta2)

It's recommended that you use Node Package Manager to install these modules using the following command:

```
npm install vue bootstrap@next
```
## Bingo v1.1.1:
Re-balanced the CoH v1.1.1 changes and modified/added some goals:

* Modified goals:
    * Easy:
        * Din's Fire -> Clarified to just be Cadence Cave 2 ability
        * Touch the Bench -> Clarified that any scenic bench will work, not just "the" bench since it might not spawn.
        * Rings in the open -> combined into 1 goal and reduced back down to only the ones at fountains (the desert generator one requires no extra work to grab, even though it messes with some bomb jump skips).
    * Medium:
        * Clarified Dark Stairs minibosses
    * Challenge:
        * Re-enabled Skip Nayru's, changed it to Skip R-ability
* New Goal:
    * Challenge:
        * Don't use glass (includes glass of any sort, including slippers, torch, shovel, AND ring of preservation)

## Bingo v1.1.0:
Made multiple changes for CoH v1.1.1:

* New goals!
    * Easy:
        * Extend both bridges
        * Get a dungeon map or compass in *each* instrument dungeon
        * Get both mapping items in [each individual instrument dungeon] (each dungeon is a separate goal)
        * Buy Dungeon Freddie's Heart (Container)
        * All Heart Pieces just outside instrument dungeons
    * Medium:
        * Fight two key arenas
        * Purple chest on the gauntlet tile
        * Clear both Hyrule Bridge caves
        * Clear all 3 Death Mountain Caves
        * Ask for directions 2 times
        * Play Fetch with the dog
    * Hard:
        * Fight 5 key arenas
        * Fight all 3 key arenas in Hyrule Castle
        * Defeat Wizroboe using non-explosive A/X/B/Y items
        * Defeat Wizroboe honorably
        * Defeat Guitarmos without explosives
        * Defeat Guitarmos honorably
        * Defeat Gohmaracas using non-explosive A/X/B/Y items
        * Defeat Gohmaracas honorably
        * Defeat Gleeokenspiel honorably
* Balance changes:
    * Reduced the base "defeat boss" and "defeat boss as Link" goals from Hard to Medium difficulty

Commit message:

[Vue Refactor] Populates UpdateLog via XML * Adds XML files for the first two official updates from 2020 * Calls Axios to retrieve the XML files * Calls fast-xml-parser to parse them into json * Adds UpdateLogSidebar.vue to eventually componentize everything.

README.md, after:

# Cadence of Hyrule Bingo

Cadence of Hyrule Bingo Generator

See the Bingo Generator in action [here](https://kailaria.github.io/cadenceBingoV2/?)!

## Installation

This repository uses the following modules:

* Vue (v3.0.7)
* Bootstrap (v5.0.0-beta2)
* Axios
* fast-xml-parser

It's recommended that you use Node Package Manager (https://npmjs.com) to install these modules using the following command into a command-line console to get all of the packages used by this project:

```
npm install
```

To run it locally, input the following into the console:

```
npm run serve
```

## Bingo v1.1.1:
Re-balanced the CoH v1.1.1 changes and modified/added some goals:

* Modified goals:
    * Easy:
        * Din's Fire -> Clarified to just be Cadence Cave 2 ability
        * Touch the Bench -> Clarified that any scenic bench will work, not just "the" bench since it might not spawn.
        * Rings in the open -> combined into 1 goal and reduced back down to only the ones at fountains (the desert generator one requires no extra work to grab, even though it messes with some bomb jump skips).
    * Medium:
        * Clarified Dark Stairs minibosses
    * Challenge:
        * Re-enabled Skip Nayru's, changed it to Skip R-ability
* New Goal:
    * Challenge:
        * Don't use glass (includes glass of any sort, including slippers, torch, shovel, AND ring of preservation)

## Bingo v1.1.0:
Made multiple changes for CoH v1.1.1:

* New goals!
    * Easy:
        * Extend both bridges
        * Get a dungeon map or compass in *each* instrument dungeon
        * Get both mapping items in [each individual instrument dungeon] (each dungeon is a separate goal)
        * Buy Dungeon Freddie's Heart (Container)
        * All Heart Pieces just outside instrument dungeons
    * Medium:
        * Fight two key arenas
        * Purple chest on the gauntlet tile
        * Clear both Hyrule Bridge caves
        * Clear all 3 Death Mountain Caves
        * Ask for directions 2 times
        * Play Fetch with the dog
    * Hard:
        * Fight 5 key arenas
        * Fight all 3 key arenas in Hyrule Castle
        * Defeat Wizroboe using non-explosive A/X/B/Y items
        * Defeat Wizroboe honorably
        * Defeat Guitarmos without explosives
        * Defeat Guitarmos honorably
        * Defeat Gohmaracas using non-explosive A/X/B/Y items
        * Defeat Gohmaracas honorably
        * Defeat Gleeokenspiel honorably
* Balance changes:
    * Reduced the base "defeat boss" and "defeat boss as Link" goals from Hard to Medium difficulty
